# CS-255-System-Analysis-and-Design
# Summaraize the DriverPass project
The DriverPass project represented the client, DriverPass, a company who wishes to create a system to aid students with better driver training. The system would allow students to schedule driving lessons provided by DriverPass, as well as take practice tests and online classes provided by the DMV. The system is to be available online and accessed from any computer or mobile device through a web browser. 
# What did you do particularly well?
I believe the diagrams that I created went particularly well. I have created UML diagrams in the past, but the sequence diagram was new to me. After reading and understanding the purpose of the sequence diagram, it is easier to understand the need for different UML diagrams. A Class diagram shows more of the inner programming side, a sequence diagram shows the data flow between objects and actors, while an activity diagram shows the order of a function. 
# If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I would revise my Class diagram. The diagram was to illistrate the relationships between different objects within the system. While the classes would show the attributes, the document was not a finished product. There are many details and functions not listed that would be required. Again, the purpose was to show the relationships between the objects, but still if I could have taken more time on it I believe it would have reflected better.
# How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
When creating a system, we have the clients needs in mind. The client on the other hand is wishing to creating the system with the user in mind. Thus, it is important to pay attention to detail. It is our job to figure out what the client wants and figure out a way to deliver a system based on their needs. Taking notes, regular meetings, and set milestones can make sure that everyone envoled stays informed and up to date at multiple stages of the system design. Problems can arise, changes can be made, additional information can come to light and be implemented with the correct amount of communication and transparency. 
# How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
Communication is very important when designing a system. Fully understanding what the purpose of the system is, how it will be used, who will be using it, and any long term plans with the system. It is a system analysists job to interpret a clients needs and design a system around that. Knowing the difference between a reachable goal of a system and unrealistic wishes. Planning the system as much as possible before implementing any kind of code writing to avoid wasted time, efforts, and essentially a system that the client is unhappy with. 
